in Washington the president is melting
down today we learned via the New York
Times that the president repeatedly
discussed firing the intelligence
community Inspector General for sharing
the whistleblowers complaint with
Congress inspector general was required
by law to submit any complaint he finds
to be urgent or credible and this is a
guy who was appointed by Donald Trump
Trump of course wanted to fire him
because he doesn't understand that he
isn't still hosting a reality television
show tomorrow the public portion of the
impeachment hearing begins we get to
hear live in-person testimony from
government officials about the
president's double-dealing in Ukraine
and to counter that Trump is planning a
big Lee reveal of his own he wrote I
will be releasing the transcript of the
first and therefore more important phone
call with the Ukrainian president before
Hooton's heads his defense has gone from
read the transcript to no wait hold up
read this other transcript because it's
first and therefore more important his
younger son Erik is not gonna be happy
to hear it first and more of a bore but
the only way the first phone call would
be more important than the one we we
read is if it turns out Trump said
listen szalinski in a couple of months
I'm gonna call you and as a joke I'm
gonna try to extort you keep that
between us it makes no sense
it's like oj releasing his honeymoon
picture to the same see we got along
great it's Trump originally said he
would release the transcript today now
he's saying it'll happen by the end of
the week so why did he say he'd release
it today what is this a new Kanye album
what is going on
and not only that we already have a
transcript we've got testimony from
multiple witnesses
we got the whole KFC bucket of crimes we
don't need the coleslaw - okay
House Republicans held a mock Q&A
session today to practice their intent
to cover up his mess tomorrow there's a
memo making the rounds in DC that
outlines the Republican plan to defend
the president and maybe the funniest
part of all this something I think we
forget is that Trump wants us to believe
the reason he held up the aid money and
demanded investigations is because he
was concerned about corruption in
Ukraine the guy who had to pay out
twenty five million dollars from running
a fraudulent University wants us to
believe he cares about corruption in a
country he definitely couldn't find on a
map there's no way the other bit of you
craziness today remember the last month
when the FBI arrested those two goons
who allegedly helped Rudy Giuliani with
the the Biden investigation well their
names are Lev partisan Igor Froman Trump
as repeated and claimed he doesn't know
these guys and usually when Trump claims
he doesn't know someone it means they
had sex but it turns out
Trump met and was photographed with
these guys a lot of times dairies it's
Igor with him at mar-a-lago in 2018
there's Igor again with Trump there they
are at the America for a super PAC this
is Trump would love that his golf club
in Miami again with love last year at
the Trump Hotel another one would love
last year Trump and Levin and lab son at
his Golf Club again at the Trump Hotel
and all together now Levy Igor Rudi Mike
and Donald but he doesn't know them
there are more pictures of him with
these two than there are of him with
Tiffany but he says he doesn't know but
he's like land look good when you're
surround yourself with as many criminals
as I do it's hard to keep them straight
meanwhile Rudy Giuliani is supposedly
working on a podcast I guess he decided
he needed a new venue in which to
accidentally confess to crimes and so he
this is gonna be some podcast Giuliani I
know if you remember he had to go to an
Apple store to get his iPhone unlocked
he butt-dialed multiple reporters he
accidentally texted his password to a
reporter there shouldn't be a rule you
can't host a podcast unless you know how
to download one first
but I'm looking forward I hope he does
one of those me undies commercials that
everyone does another star from the
Trump Universe has fallen from the sky I
don't know if you are aware of this but
last night the president's former press
secretary Sean Spicer and did his
inexplicably long run on Dancing with
the Stars he was eliminated
remember when Sean Spicer was in the
White House it feels like it was like 18
years ago but between that and Nancy
what stars few Americans have humiliated
themselves more deeply on television
than Sean Spicer and for that we salute
him with this look back at our dancing
star
[Music]
[Applause]
well you know what he danced like no one
was watching attractively we actually
worked so and as Shawn spiders dance
career comes to a close this is Maggie
nation's next run at the arts I
mentioned this on our show last night
the maggot challenges as a competition
promoted by our president encouraging
his supporters to post videos of
themselves rapping about their love for
Donald Trump
he claims he'll invite the winning
rappers to the White House and so far
the results have been nothing short of
magnificent what the wait for the
midnight stereo all the fake news
getting more scarier what's the truth I
only see fairies they speak for me but
don't live in Mount Airy you shout out
to my boy Bryson for the track then you
black but you wear your mega hat what is
that protecting our liberties while the
dumbs over there think it should be run
Hillary don't think you've got my vote
just cuz I'm Hispanic
go tell Chuck and Nancy cut they'll
probably panic merica first America see
great economy save the babies no more
rage and you want to talk about you
might you might be I might just have sex
with you all day
as always politics isn't the only thing
driving this country apart now that the
popeyes chicken sandwich is back people
are really going crazy over this this is
from a Popeyes here in a way an employee
apparently was caught trying to secretly
sell a sandwich on the side and all hell
broke loose
again won by hell are they putting in
those sandwiches I am Jimmy Kimmel click
below to subscribe to our YouTube
channel or if you want to be that way
about it though